Steven

16/03/1980

E-mail: stevengd@hotmail.co.uk

 
PROFILE 

Several years of SEO / PPC expertise with a focus on natural search optimization for leading brands and media sites. I have undertaken SEO audits, search strategy, implementation, business presentations, SEO promotion, Keyword Research and Link Acquisition. 

Key business skills include:

Extensive online marketing experience including SEO, PPC, social media, E-CRM, online advertising, affiliate and viral marketing. Pay Per Click Advertising and Account Management. Google Adwords Professional Qualification Exam Gained. 


CAREER SUMMARY

January 2010 to Present 
SEO / SEM Consultant
XXXXXXXXX 	(Business)

Key responsibilities

Planning, managing and reporting on the online cross promotion activity 
Management of SEO programme 
Ensuring best SEO practice is adopted across all sites.
Managing stakeholder relationships
Development and implementation of Search Engine Optimisation strategies that increase visibility of natural search engine and Search Engine Marketing (SEM) success
Content optimisation, link building strategies, keyword research and market analysis
Managing a highly skilled team of 3 Account Manager/Executive/Analyst 

XXXXXXXXXXX	(Agency)
September 2006 – Dec 2009
SEO Executive

Key responsibilities

Responsible for SEO strategy, implementation and analysis. Work with major B2C and B2B clients overseeing site audits, analysis, competitor analysis, architecture, link strategy, optimization, SEO and search traffic reporting.

Note – Full CV Available

Full resume available on request. Please not, I am not interested in contact from agencies looking to circulate my details. If I wanted my CV randomly sent out, I have email and could do this myself. For those consultants who can speak from an informed perspective regarding opportunities that suit my skill set, I am happy to deal with further.

QUALIFICATIONS

University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology
Chemistry Degree BSc Hons

INTERESTS

Many and all varied.
