David Acton

31 Harrogate Terrace, Murton, Seaham, County Durham SR7 9PQ

0191 5264320  ivan@oddcat.org


Profile
-------

A programmer of more than 20 years experience, I have a strong
background in C, C++ and Python and a good working knowledge of other
languages, many programming environments and other development tools.
I also have much experience in technical writing and documentation.

Skills and experience
---------------------

C++: Very strong understanding of object-oriented programming, with
eight years practical experience of C++ development.

C: I have written several complete commercial applications in C.

Python: Four years of Python experience, developing full applications
and numerous support scripts.

Linux: Eight years experience working in a Linux environment
(RedHat, then Debian), my knowledge includes the use of all the common
programming tools (gcc, Gnu make, emacs), as well as more specialized
C tools such as flex & bison, and cross-language/platform development
tools (e.g. SWIG, MinGW32) and libraries (Qt, wxWidgets etc.).
Although I use Python for everyday scripting purposes, I have some
experience of writing Perl and Linux shell scripts also.

Other: mySQL, XML, HTML, Javascript (including AJAX techniques).  Good
working knowledge of a wide variety of Linux and Windows desktop
applications.  ARM and 8-bit assembly-language programming experience.

Writing: I have written manuals and documentation for many
applications and, in previous employment, numerous articles on
programming and technical matters.


Achievements with current employer (Alphawave Ltd)
--------------------------------------------------

Developed from scratch a complete cross-platform GUI in C++ for
control and monitoring software that is currently used worldwide by
clients such as the World Bank, the FCO and the BBC.

Produced C drivers to control a wide range of hardware (via
serial/ethernet etc) including satellite modems, high-powered
amplifiers, antenna controllers and spectrum analyzers.

Developed a Qt-based GUI (for Linux & Windows) in C++ for
filter-testing hardware.

Produced various pieces of custom-written code for individual
customers' needs, including redundancy control and 'mimic' panels.


Career Summary
--------------

1999 - 2007	Programmer, Alphawave Ltd

My main role at Alphawave has been to develop a GUI for the 'CAM'
application which allows users to monitor and control remote hardware
(e.g. over a satellite overhead channel).  Written in C++, the CAM GFX
is a self-contained cross-platform application.  I have subsequently
developed the orginal product to integrate Python scripting to the C++
core, and have also produced an HTML-serving version of the
application.  (More details can be found at
http://www.alphawave.net/cam.html)

Another large project was a GAMP-compliant GUI/database for a
filter-testing unit.  This I constructed in C++ using the Qt
cross-platform library.

1989 - 1999	Freelance programmer & technical writer

I converted the US Gold Scrabble program (TSP) from PC format to run
on both ARM-based Acorn hardware and Philips CDi.

I completed a wide variety of projects for Acorn machines, including
demonstration software for Acorn themselves, a GUI/database for
biofeedback hardware, video-subtitling software and a high-density
floppy disc filing system.

I continued to write for Acorn User magazine, now centred around
32-bit ARM technology, including various regular columns and features
over the years.  I also supported my previous software for Autocue Ltd
for several years, adding functionality when requested by customers
and making on-site visits.

1988 - 1989	Programmer, Capicorn Consulting

My role at Capricorn was to develop teleprompting software on
custom-built 8-bit hardware for a third-party client (Autocue Ltd).

1986 - 1988	Technical Assistant, Acorn User Magazine

My work here involved preparing 8-bit software for publication,
writing reviews and articles, preparing monthy cover-discs etc.


Other interests and achievements
--------------------------------

Our young son takes up most of my spare time now, and provides most of
my entertainment!  I have played in many Scrabble tournaments over the
years including a couple of World Championships.  I also love
crosswords and other wordplay.  (I was also a Countdown Series
Champion some time ago.)  I have a banjo which I play really quite
badly, and enjoy new challenges, the most recent being to learn
Spanish.

Education

Denbigh School 1979-1984

A Level Pure Maths (A), Statistics (A), Maths for Engineering &
Industry (B), Physics (B), Economics (C), General Studies (A)

I went on from school to study Maths & Economics at York University
for a year, and having taken a year out for work experience in London
decided I would be happiest continuing in full-time employment.
